I am a creative, expressive and  happy positive person who generally finds joy in little things in life.Empathy is my superpower. I believe a little kindness can change the world. I began my career as a software developer and worked for four years. Then had to take a break for personal reasons.Then started preparing for TNPSC exams due to family  pressure to get into public service for 3 years. Then I suddenly had a revelation I have to live my life in a way that brings out my true self after tolerating lot of struggles in my personal life. I chose to rise above and find a path that aligns with my true self and brings out my unique potential. I felt like thats the reason I could never go above certain level because I was chasing wrong things in life.Then I was exploring about many career paths online after taking the sixteen personalities test online. And I stumbled upon UX design in that process. It checked all the boxes. I studied alone but I realised I needed mentor guidance to get past my mental barriers and reach my goal. Then, I found DFC one day and enrolled with so many uncertaini thoughts.I never believed in myself or my decisions, it was hard to take the call. But still I decided to go forward instead of struggling inside my bubble of doubts. It was a huge leap for my personality. But it was the bestest decision of my life which made me believe in myself again. As everyday progressed I realised this is what I want to do and was very confident for the first time.Design brought me alive.I always was very empathetic towards people and their struggles. I wanted to help everyone build a better life. I  was naturally creative but I didnt nurture it properly to realise. I used to help people solve their problems and come up with spontaneous solution even in my everyday household stuff. I used to draw and paint very well during my school days but I never gave the time and energy it needed to flourish in it. I used to tell amazing stories with my imagination to my child.I used to explain things in the most understandable way possible whenever I found anyone struggling to learn something. People naturally loved me as a teacher. I was always very curious about why people behave the way they do , talk the way do or react the way they do an tried to understand their psychology and behavioral pattern. I realised I was a creative designer all my life who just connected the dots and finally found it.